did only one day the game out
bright rio carlos
only freshwater fish that we will not get from you
we believe in this architectural design of lines or more
that day after being close to other players
I'm happy how your nieces highways
the first the fish
with fresh water
the croaker
the geographical distribution of the Amazon and lagoon and tocantins
and this woman is mainly marine but has several representatives in the
fresh water
Now let's talk about it
consumers and by type underlines
today 3 it gains the geographical distribution Amazonian basins
and araguaia-tocantins is a leather fish
large-sized
can reach more than one and a half meters in total length
Now let's talk about the tucunare
it was hardly his
the girl wanted home he had a gun
the geographic distribution basins of amazon alagoas tocantins
but was introduced defender silver bowl basins
is a fish body scales elongated a little with pri
there are approximately 14 teams thinking
He played in the same area.
let's now focused betrays
the geographic distribution value
amazon araguaia-tocantins basins are francisco square that of the atlantic
south
is a fish of body scales following big mouth
give way
it arrives approximately 60 centimeters in length
let's go now we're seeing
the sink
that's what it's like to end the piau
the geographic distribution of the silver basin in the passinhos do são francisco
and also it also called as piapara
fish of elongated body scale a little high and formic rifles
now let's talk about the mounted altar
j
after the geographical distribution of the silver basin and are francisco
fish body elongated body and so
head for days ago
it arrives approximately to have with the long subway
Now let's see the game.
the geographic distribution Amazonian basins in the face of the goal and tocantins
are francisco-- silver in some basins of the south atlantic
widely distributed in South America
it's a leather fish
that it can reach a length and that it does not harm cent
the body integrated south and short
Let's talk about some of the sea lions or joke.
the geographic distribution amazon basins here
araguaia tocantins are franscisco silver and south atlantic
it's a fish of scales
and small
rarely exceeding 26 meters in length
is now appearing pacu with the pacu campaign
the geographic distribution of the silver basin
is a fish scam body robbery and give it what to keep
uniform coloration
it reaches about 50 centimeters in length
face
Let's see now we are seeing very good here.
its geographic distribution is based on a
Amazonian is a fish of scales
it can reach 90 centimeters in length
we are seeing now that not everyone knows gold
the geographic distribution of the basin of the silver and basin of the francisco
it's a fish of scales
and he may have a culprit
the first of his one-meter-long film had a weight of
approximately 25 pounds
and finally we will talk about curimbatá curimatã tulipa vote curimba
ground potato
geographical distribution amazon and araguaia-tocantins basins
and francisco
were introduced in the affairs of the northeast
it can reach 30 eighty centimeters in length